Thank you for downloading Freelancer: HD Edition!

Make sure you join our Discord server at https://discord.gg/ScqgYuFqmU so you always stay up to date with the latest news and information regarding the mod!

Have something to contribute to make the mod even better? Feel free to create a pull request or feature request at https://github.com/BC46/freelancer-hd-edition . We are always open to new suggestions and improvements. Making the repository public has allowed us as a community to create the best possible HD mod for Freelancer out there since many modders from around the world have contributed to this project.

If you encounter any issues related to this mod during installation or gameplay, please refer to the wiki at https://github.com/BC46/freelancer-hd-edition/wiki for potential solutions. In case none of these work, you can ask for help on the Discord server https://discord.gg/ScqgYuFqmU and we'll look into it for you. You could also create an issue at https://github.com/BC46/freelancer-hd-edition/issues .

To continue the installation process, click "Next".

Mod content:
HD Asteroids
HD Character Models
HD Cockpits
HD Effects
HD Mission & News images
HD Nebulae
HD Planets
HD Ships
HD Space objects
HD Starspheres
HD Startup Screen & Main Menu logo
HD System & Universe Map
Improved reflections
Increased effect pool sizes
Maximized draw distances
New interface with new icons
HQ Music
Gameplay
Advanced Widescreen HUD
16:9 planetscape fixes
Support for scrolling through menus
Support for zooming in turret view
Allow players to be called differently in Single Player
Fixes in many bar scripts
Enabled NPC paths in Multiplayer
Include player ships in ship filter
Make all planets spin slowly
Set maximum level in Single Player to 40
Show the names of zones as you enter and leave them
Show the remaining shield and hull points of the selected target as numbers
1.1 Patch
Added more sound and general options
Added support for running multiple instances of Freelancer on the same machine
Added updated HUD Shift plugin
All content from Jason's Freelancer Patch v1.25
Direct3D 9 wrapper
Disabled IPv6 adresses in Multiplayer Server list
Fixed friendly jumphole in mission 6
Fixed many typos, grammar mistakes, inconsistencies, and more, in the game's text strings
Fixed missing/small text on 1440p and 4K displays
Fixed MP3 codec error spam
Fixed several incorrect/missing names and infocards in EW05, EW06, ST01, ST03 and ST03b
Freelancer manual
Improved infocards for unknown factions
Improved Nomad group member names
Make energy, shield, and hull bars solid
No longer hide The Order and the Nomads from the factions list
No-CD Patch
Prevent intentional frame drops from occurring
Realigned HUD elements
Removed cruise speed display limit
Removed general speed display limit
Removed ESRB notice
Removed unknown graphics card warning
Show "Far" in contact list only at distances of 999.999K or higher
Single Player console
Smoothened jump effect
Updated zlib.dll for better performance in Multiplayer
Windows 10 compatibility patch (dgVoodoo2)
